[1.16] Support subsecond precision jobs and reminders (#4851)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/jobs/jobs-features-concepts.md

into the features and concepts included with Dapr Jobs and the various SDKs. Dapr Jobs:
- Provides a robust and scalable API for scheduling operations to be triggered in the future.
- Exposes several capabilities which are common across all supported languages.

> - Supports sub-second precision when using duration values (including ns). Actual trigger resolution may vary by runtime; Cron-based schedules are second-level only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supports sub-second precision when using duration values (e.g. `500ms`). Actual trigger resolution may vary by runtime; Cron-based schedules are second-level only.
```

> - Supports sub-second precision when using duration values (e.g. `500ms`). Actual trigger resolution may vary by runtime; Cron-based schedules are second-level only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Supports sub-second precision when using duration values (for example `500ms`). Actual trigger resolution may vary by runtime; Cron-based schedules are second-level only.
```

> - Supports sub-second precision when using duration values (for example `500ms`). Actual trigger resolution may vary by runtime; Cron-based schedules are second-level only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Supports sub-second precision when using duration values (for example `500ms`). Actual trigger resolution may vary by runtime; Cron-based schedules are at the seconds level only.
```
